Cleanup for Beta-version Client Release (#224)
overture-stack/lectern: apps/server/README.md

# Lectern Server

[<img alt="Container Registry Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker--Image-ghcr.io-blue?style=for-the-badge&color=blue&cacheSeconds=0" />](https://github.com/overture-stack/lectern/pkgs/container/lectern)
[<img hspace="5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/chat--with--developers-overture--slack-blue?style=for-the-badge">](http://slack.overture.bio)
[<img hspace="5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL--3.0-blue?style=for-the-badge">](https://github.com/overture-stack/lectern/blob/develop/LICENSE)

> Lectern Server is a standalone web service that provides an REST API to manage and share Data Dictionary schemas.

Reviewer: Typo on `an` REST API, should be `a`

> Lectern Server is a standalone web service for Lectern. It provides an API to create, manage, and share Lectern Dictionary schemas.

Reviewer 2: You didn't write this, but `Lectern Server is a standalone web service for Lectern` sounds like explaining an explanation by using the word explanation.

How about?
```suggestion
Lectern can be run as a standalone web service, through the `Server` ExpressJS app. It provides an API to create, manage, and share Lectern Dictionary schemas.
```

Author: I'll take half of this, the repetition does read poorly.
